## 0.1.0 (27 december, 2022)

NOTES:

This is the first release of the Elestio Terraform Provider.

FEATURES:

- **New Resource:** `elestio_project`
- **New Resource:** `elestio_service`
- **New Datasource:** `elestio_project`

## 0.2.0 (29 december, 2022)

NOTES:

This release fix many bugs and introduce all the available service templates provider by Elestio API.
The documentation was also improved.

FIX:

- Forbid the update of `elestio_postgres`.`version`. It **requires** a replace of the full resource.
- Fix error happening if creating a service with `lightsail` provider.

DEPRECATIONS:

- **Deprecated Resource:** `elestio_postgres`. Use `elestio_postgresql` instead.

FEATURES:

- **New Resource:** for every service templates
- Add default `version` value for template services if there is one recommended by the API.
- Improve documentation

## 0.3.0 (30 december, 2022)

FEATURES:

- **New Resource:** `elestio_couchbase`
- **New Resource:** `elestio_searxng`
- **Improve Documentation:** Add docker hub image link of services
- **New guide:** Get started

## 0.4.0 (3 january, 2023)

The available templates are now saved in a JSON file in the repo.
This avoids publishing new resources by mistake during a build.

FEATURES:

- **New Resource:** `elestio_manticoresearch`
- **Improved Documentation:** Add examples for each templates
- **New guide:** Deploy from scratch

## 0.5.0 (14 january, 2023)

FEATURES:

- **New guide:** Providers, datacenters and server types
- **New guide:** Import an existing resource
- **Improved Documentation:** Add url for provider resource doc
- **New attribute:** Added bolean attribute 'keep_backups_on_delete_enabled' on services resources.

FIX:

- The waiting time for deleting services has been increased to avoid errors.

## 0.6.0 (17 february, 2023)

This release allows setting custom domain names on services from terraform.

FEATURES:

- **New attribute:** Added set attribute 'custom_domain_names' on services resources.

## v0.6.1 (17 february, 2023)

Fix documentation about custom domain names

## v0.7.0 (7 march, 2023)

Add custom ssh keys on services resources to be able to use terraform provisioners

FEATURES:

- **New attribute:** Added slice attribute 'ssh_keys' on services resources.

## v0.7.1 (16 march, 2023)

Fix service resources on retries and waiters.
You should notice fewer crashes in service creations.

## v0.8.0 (27 march, 2023)

Fix: The ports that were used by default when the firewall was disabled/re-activated were always those of the Postgres resource.
Now each template has its own default ports.

FEATURES:

- **New Resource:** `elestio_activepieces`
- **New Resource:** `elestio_airflow_worker`
- **New Resource:** `elestio_espocrm`
- **Deprecated Resource:** `elestio_onlyoffice`. Not anymore supported by Elestio.

## v0.8.1 (20 June, 2023)

- Update the version of several packages to improve provider performance.
- Fix a bug at service creation (after an API change)

## v0.9.0 (11 July, 2023)

- **New Attribute:** `elestio_service.default_password`. Customize the default password used by the software in your service.
- **New Resource:** `elestio_load_balancer`. You can now deploy a load balancer from Elestio with Terraform.
- **Deprecated Resource:** `elestio_linux_desktop`. Not anymore supported by Elestio.
- **Deprecated Resource:** `elestio_filerun`. Not anymore supported by Elestio.

## v0.10.0 (15 July, 2023)

- The `admin_email` attribute of a service resource is now optional. Default value will be chosen by the API from your account email.
- The `server_name` attribute of a service resource is now optional. Default value will be generated by the API.
- The `support_level` attribute of a service resource is now optional. Default value is `level1`.
- The `server_type` attribute of a service resource could not be updated via Terraform anymore with the provider name `scaleway`.
- The `ssh_keys` attribute of a service resource is now optional. Default value is `[]`.
- The `ssh_keys.public_key` attribute can now only contain 2 parts (type and key). The comment part is not supported anymore.
  Valid: `ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2E...BAAABAQDZ`</br>
  Invalid: `ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2E...BAAABAQDZ user@host comment`

- The `admin` attribute of a service resource is now fully sensitive. Declare an output and use `terraform show -json <output_name>` to get the value.

  ```hcl
  resource "elestio_keycloak" "service" {
    # ...
  }

  output "admin" {
    value = elestio_keycloak.service.admin
    sensitive = true
  }
  ```

  ```bash
  $ terraform show -json admin
  ```

- The `database_admin` attribute of a service resource is now fully sensitive. Declare an output and use `terraform show -json <output_name>` to get the value.

  ```hcl
  resource "elestio_postgresql" "service" {
    # ...
  }

  output "database_admin" {
    value = elestio_postgresql.service.database_admin
    sensitive = true
  }
  ```

  ```bash
  $ terraform show -json database_admin
  ```

## v0.10.1 (17 July, 2023)

- Limit `provider_name` to:

  - `hetzner`
  - `do` for DigitalOcean
  - `lightsail` for AWS Lightsail
  - `linode`
  - `vultr`
  - `scaleway`

- Update and simplify the documentation guides.

## v0.10.2 (21 July, 2023)

- Fix a unhandled bug on `ssh_keys` attribute of a service resource.

## v0.10.3 (1 August, 2023)

- Fix documentation typo.

## v0.11.0 (31 August, 2023)

- **Attribute Renamed:** The `ssh_keys` attribute of a service resource is renamed to `ssh_public_keys`
- **New guide:** SSH Keys
